
.\" Bluepill help
.TH man 1 "Summer 2017" ".1" "Bluepill"

.SH NAME
bluepill \- A tool to run iOS tests in parallel using multiple
simulators.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bluepill
\fB\-a\fR \fI<app>\fR
\fB\-s\fR \fI<scheme>\fR
\fB\-o\fR \fI<output_directory>\fR
\fR[other_options]\fR

.B bluepill
\fB\-c\fR \fI<config_file>\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
Bluepill is a tool to run iOS tests in parallel using multiple
simulators. It requires the app to be compiled with the flags

\fR -sdk iphonesimulator \fR

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BI -a/--app " <app>"
The path to the host application to execute (your .app)

.TP
.BI -s/--scheme-path " <scheme_path>"
The scheme to run tests.

.TP
.BI -d/--device " <device>"
On which device to run the app.
\fR  Default Value: "iPhone 6" \fR

.TP
.BI -c/--config " <config>"
Read options from the specified configuration file instead of the
command line

.TP
.BI -C/--repeat-count " <repeat_count>"
Number of times we'll run the entire test suite (used for stability
testing).
\fR  Default Value: 1 \fR

.TP
.BI -N/--no-split " <no_split>"
A list of NO split test bundles

.TP
.BI -P/--print-config " <print_config>"
Print a configuration file suitable for passing back using the `-c`
option.
\fR  Default Value: stdout \fR

.TP
.BI -R/--error-retries " <error_retries>"
Number of times we'll recover from crashes to continue running the
current test suite.
\fR  Default Value: 4 \fR

.TP
.BI -S/--stuck-timeout " <stuck_timeout>"
Timeout in seconds for a test that seems stuck (no output).
\fR  Default Value: 300 \fR

.TP
.BI -T/--test-timeout " <test_timeout>"
Timeout in seconds for a test that is producing output.
\fR  Default Value: 300 \fR

.TP
.BI -f/--failure-tolerance " <failure_tolerance>"
The number of retries on any failures (app crash/test failure).
\fR  Default Value: NO \fR

.TP
.BI -i/--include " <include>"
Include a testcase in the set of tests to run (unless specified in
`exclude`).

.TP
.BI -n/--num-sims " <num_sims>"
Number of simulators to run in parallel. (bluepill only)
\fR  Default Value: 4 \fR

.TP
.BI -o/--output-dir " <output_dir>"
Directory where to put output log files (bluepill only).

.TP
.BI -r/--runtime " <runtime>"
What runtime to use.
\fR  Default Value: "iOS 10.2" \fR

.TP
.BI -t/--test " <test>"
The path to the test bundle to execute (your .xctest).

.TP
.BI -x/--exclude " <exclude>"
Exclude a testcase in the set of tests to run (takes priority over
`include`).

.TP
.BI -X/--xcode-path " <xcode_path>"
Path to xcode.

.TP
.BI -H/--headless " headless"
Run in headless mode (no GUI).
\fR  Default Value: Off \fR

.TP
.BI -J/--json-output " json_output"
Print test timing information in JSON format.
\fR  Default Value: Off \fR

.TP
.BI -h/--help " help"
This help.

.TP
.BI -p/--plain-output " plain_output"
Print results in plain text.
\fR  Default Value: Off \fR

.TP
.BI -q/--quiet " quiet"
Turn off all output except fatal errors.
\fR  Default Value: Off \fR

.TP
.BI -j/--junit-output " junit_output"
Print results in JUnit format.
\fR  Default Value: Off \fR

.TP
.BI -F/--only-retry-failed " only_retry_failed"
If `failure-tolerance` is > 0, only retry tests that failed.
\fR  Default Value: Off \fR

.TP
.BI -l/--list-tests " list_tests"
Only list tests in bundle

.TP
.BI --additional-xctests " <additional_xctests>"
Additional XCTest bundles to test.



.SH RETURN VALUE

Bluepill will exit zero on success (all tests passed) and non-zero on
any kind of failure (either from the tests or because bluepill
couldn't run them).

.EXAMPLES

 $ mkdir output_directory
 $ xcodebuild -workspace MyApp.xcworkspace -scheme MyScheme -sdk iphonesimulator \

       build-for-testing -derivedDataPath .
 $ bluepill -a ./Build/Debug-iphonesimulator/MyApp.app -s MyScheme.xcscheme -o output_directory

.SH SEE ALSO

xcrun(1), xcode-build(1), xcode-select(1)

.SH BUGS

No known bugs. Please see http://github.com/linkedin/bluepill/issues
for an up-to-date list.

.SH HISTORY

Bluepill was developed at LinkedIn during the fall of 2016 as a
replacement for our scripts for running iPhone simulators in
parallel. It was released as an Open Source project on GitHub at the
beginning of 2017.

.SH AUTHORS

Ashit Gandhi (agandhi@linkedin.com)
Jarek Rudzinski (jrudzinski@linkedin.com)
Keqiu Hu (khu@linkedin.com)
Oscar Bonilla (obonilla@linkedin.com)
Yu Li (yli4@linkedin.com)

